                  Studying people, attending to detail, carefully observing and listening
            Last year, when I studied English in Guangzhou, China for papering the Ielts test, I met my teacher Amy, who was approximately 23 years old. In next the six months, she was one of the teachers in charged of 10 students in my class, gradually became my friend instead of a teacher. Every day, we talked a lot of things about our own experience in life and all kinds of joys. Of course, she also helped me well to acquire knowledge.
          One day, I just wandering maybe we can be really good friends not the relationship only depends on words. So, I wanted to learn more about her, because if we really wanted to be a good friend, we should know each other deeper. Although I was not sure whether she started to learn more about me or not, I decided to observing her from that day.
        First, I wanted to know how is her temper, and what the differences when she was behaved in the classroom or at home. So, I started to spy how she usually behaves or the emotion changing. Every day morning, when she stepped in to the classroom, I noticed that her eyes downcast and lips pouted, looked as if the next shot would have shown her crying, meanwhile, her face just mess up, felt like a lot of stuff were troubling her for a long time, and she would sigh frequently no matter how the wonderful things happened. At noon, my classmates and me always would ask her if she wanted to eat the lunch with us, however, every time, she would say no. What’s more, in the Facebook, she always would post some videos and make some comments about the emotion issues in the relationship of girlfriend or boyfriend. At the afternoon, she would help the students with their essays, definitely including me. Normally, we would finish our essay at the night before the class day, so she could immediately modify our essay in the beginning of the class, which could help us to save us a huge amount of time if we wrote the essay in the class. However, every time, when she found out some grammar mistakes or some sentences didn’t make ant sense, she would shout at us with a dismissive tone, “what a stupid mistake! How could you make this type of mistakes, even a kindergarten child wouldn’t make! ”.  And later, she would take a deep breath, and smoothly said “Okkk! Today, I’m not gonna to mad at you guys, but the point is you are going to jot down the grammar mistakes that you make and correct them, at the same time, using this grammar to make ten sentences or you are free to go, and cant go back here!”
         Through those things, I probably know she really be in life. And I guess she liked to stay at her room all the time except for the meal, and didn’t like to talk too much with anybody when she was not in teaching, including her family members. Meanwhile, I also could conclude that she maybe was not happy in her daily life, and with a dispositive relationship with her family. 
        Besides, the most significant things were she probably got some problem with her boyfriend. Although I still couldn’t figure out whether she has a boyfriend or not if I didn’t ask her face-to-face, I swear that I did could hear that there was a voice inside my body told me I was right and should trust my precisely instinct. Finally, I did believe what my heart believes.
        Half year later, I finished my Ielts test and it’s the time to say good-bye to all of my classmates and teachers in Guangzhou. Finally, before the day I left the Guangzhou, Amy invited me and my classmates to have a dinner in a restaurant. At that night, she asked me with a smile “ So, before you left, could you tell do you have any comments on me?”  Later, I told her all the thought that I have at her. After, Amy and my classmates heard my talking. They looked surprised and Amy talked to me embarrassed “ Wooww! How could you know me so well? You know! Even myself can’t noticed all those things that you have mentioned, but the only things I can say that all the stuff were true!”
      After I came to Vanouver, we still kept in tough on Wechat, an app similar to Facebook, and share our own stories in different countries and be friends forever!
